Update docs for `let mut` (#80)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/constructs/bindings.md

title: Bindings
---

> ## On the Subject of `let`, `let rec`, and `let mut`

Reviewer: I think this order makes a little more sense when looking at this for the first time: immutable stuff -> mutable stuff -> recursive stuff.
```suggestion
## On the Subject of `let`, `let mut`, and `let rec`
```

Reviewer: Also this title is still lame. I gave these all a default of `Of the Subject of...` a few years ago thinking that since it was a bit of a silly title, I'd actually go back and change them all. Of course, I never did. Maybe just doing this would be better?

```suggestion
## `let`, `let mut`, and `let rec`
```

> The `let` and `let rec` statements introduce new names into the current scope.
> In other words, they let you declare new bindings (quite similar to constants in other languages).
> 
> The `let mut` statement can be used to introduce new mutable bindings into the current scope.

Reviewer: A thought on another way we could explain this:
```suggestion
The `let`, `let mut`, and `let rec` statements introduce new names into the current scope.
In other words, they let you create variables that can be used throughout your programs.

`let` and `let rec` both create **immutable** bindings, which means they cannot be reassigned to new values once declared.

The `let mut` statement can be used to create **mutable** bindings, which means the those names can be reassigned to new values.
```

Author: 💯 awesome!

## Syntax

```grain
let name1 = value1 [, name2 = value2]
let rec name1 = func1 [and name2 = func2]

> let mut name1 = value1 [, name2 = value2]

Reviewer: I realized that we don't at all mention destructuring here. Should we open an issue for that?

Author: Will do!

## Description

> * `let` allows you to introduce names.
> * `let rec` allows you to introduce recursive definitions.
> * `let mut` allows you to introduce names with mutable values.

Reviewer: Just because this hasn't been looked at in like two years 😛 :
```suggestion
* `let` allows you to introduce new names with values that never change. In other words, `let` allows you to create **immutable** variables.
* `let mut` allows you to introduce names with values that can change. In other words, `let mut` allows you to create **mutable** variables.
* `let rec` allows you to declare recursive functions.
```

  }
}
```

> ### Using `let mut`

Reviewer: And then yeah, I think we should move this section above the previous section.

> `let mut` allows you to declare bindings where the value may be changed in the future. Also provided are `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, and `/=` operators, which perform the math operation on a mutable value and re-assign the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`let mut` allows you to declare bindings where the value may be changed in the future. Also provided are `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, and `%=` operators, which perform the math operation on a mutable value and reassign the result.
```
